# NextDom

Chronic myeloid leukemia (CML) and Ph+ acute lymphoblastic leukemia (Ph+ ALL) are diseases associated with a characteristic chromosomal translocation called the Philadelphia chromosome. This chromosomal abnormality generates the fusion gene encoding BCR::ABL1 oncoprotein. The development of mutations in the kinase domain (KD) of BCR::ABL1 is a known mechanism leading to the resistance to CML and Ph+ ALL treatment, therefore early and correct mutation detection is crucial for better disease management. 

Previous work has found that the frequency of the error occured during deep amplicon sequencing by next generation sequencing (NGS) is dependent on the nucleotide position in the DNA sequence and the type of the nucleotide substitution. (1)
The main aim was to count the individual thresholds, i.e. for each nucleotide position, for mutation detection above the error background through the entire kinase domain of BCR::ABL1 (NGS).

NextDOM 2.0 joins the analyses from the NextGENe software (Softegenetics, USA) and the estimated set of thresholds. These reports are generated using two analyses with different NextGENe settings. The report for the first part is generated by an analysis that assumes that each sequenced position is mutated. 

NextGene finds single nucleotide variations (SNVs), but without application of any experimentally set threshold. NextDOM connects the NextGene outputs and your own threshold data set.

Click the 'wiki' link for the NextDOM documentation. 
